Hey, hey, hey.
Long Bajie or
You can lend me the book of life and death for two days
Life and death book
That won't work.
The Book of Life and Death is the quality assurance of our Netherworld
It cannot be changed casually.
You can't give it to others casually
Hello saint
You have to die
I'll be right there.
Hey, wait for me for a while.
Yama Rock is fake
I'm the real one
This is damn good
Migrant worker
Who can't use who?
I'm leaving.
Hey.
Hey
Great Saint
Great saint
Hey, hey, great saint, hey, hey.
The boy has something to ask for
I would like to trouble you to come down to the world
The world hey hey
Not available. Not available.
Death
I still have to pick peaches from the Valley of the Kings
Tomorrow, I have to dare to go to the Buddha Hands to pee
Can't get numb, can't get numb
You this time
It's really useless
Hey, is this card good?
First of all, my grandson wants it.
Take the time to fight the landlord
Not a great saint
Aren't there four of you?
Hey, that local donkey was caught yesterday.
Just take it back
When do brothers have fun?
Hey, Great Sage, Great Sage
Are you stepping on colorful auspicious clouds to pick me up?